well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about how
president donald j
trump is turning on republican governors
republican senators and republican
representatives specifically those
who backed him up his allies
those who enabled him
those who listened to him who
followed his talking points and then
made policy decisions
based on those talking points and he is
turning on them
openly and publicly a lot of governors
based their policy decisions
on the statements of trump on the
statements coming out of the white house
to back him up
when trump said that some people were
just wearing a mask as a signal of
disapproval
with him governors fell in line
oh we don't need to do that don't worry
about it
today i'll gladly wear a mask
use the mask he says
said that anything that could
potentially help is a good thing
case governors can't tell that's keeping
the schools closed
he said it was going to get worse before
it gets better
yeah it is because he's just now
starting to follow the advice of the
health experts
140 000 people later months
and these governors senators and
representatives who backed them up
now they're just stuck they are stuck
and when they say that well we're
following the president's advice
i don't think that they're going to get
the response that they're thinking
they will they're going to be told wow i
didn't say that
i didn't say that yeah sure there's a
photo of me with a guy but
i'm going to photo with a lot of people
maybe i was in a room with them i don't
know and we're not friends
you know governor desantis is already
having a back pedal in florida
saying no no no no that wasn't a mandate
to uh open schools back up it was just a
recommendation
now that the teachers are suing him
that's exactly what trump's going to say
no i didn't i didn't tell the governors
they had to do this it was just a
recommendation
they did it on their own if you cannot
read the writing on the wall
the president is selling these senators
governors and representatives out
very publicly i wonder how they feel
right now
none of this should be a shock none of
this should be a shock this is what he's
done his entire life
he won't accept responsibility for
anything he never has
and those people who are enabling him
now when it comes to this goon squad
from portland
talking about making that nation wide
understand that come election time
he's going to do the same thing to you
he's going to sell you out he's going to
turn on you
no no no no we just offered our services
they took it
they backed us up yeah no i was just
following the lead of uh
the acting secretary of dhs i didn't
know anything about it
in his base the base you're counting on
to get reelected
they're going to believe him not you
if i you want any chance
of preserving your seat you better start
standing on your own
because he will sell you out he's
already started
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night